clumsy graceful
commemorative neglectful
devoted disloyal
compel deter
deceit truth
definite uncertain
despise admire
destitute prosperous
deter persuade
detract increase
devious frank
disdain admiration
dishonest trustworthy
disingenuous honest
disturb comfort
disparage praise
disperse gather
dispirited encouraged
displeasure delight
dissuade persuade
arrogant modest
cause prevent
diminish increase
energetic lethargic
front rear
harsh gentle
honest deceitful
hostile friendly
insert extract
insolent polite
join separate
leader follower
transparent opaque
vivid dull
minimum maximum
miserly generous
misery joy
near far
neglect maintain
part meet
pale bright
pointless worthwhile
prohibit allow
rare common
regular occasional
sensible absurd
spoil preserve
succeed fail
surplus shortage
tight loose
audible inaudible
immense tiny
just unjust
landlord tenant
lazy industrious
essential inessential
leader follower
lend borrow
melt freeze
obedient disobedient
prudent imprudent
pure contaminated
wisdom folly
abate amplify
abstain use
acute dense
adept clumsy
adequate insufficient
adverse favourable
advice misinformation
advise trick
affable impolite
aghast unsurprised
compromise disagreement
alight board
provoke allay
altercation harmony
altruistic selfish
ambiguous clear
anxiety contentment
apathetic interested
astute ignorant
augment decrease
avarice generosity
aversion fondness
avert aid
avid unenthusiastic
beneficiary giver
boisterous calm
bold fearful
brash reserved
brevity longevity
calamity blessing
cacophony silence
callous compassionate
candour bias
capricious constant
charismatic repulsive
cavity solid
cheap expensive
fresh stale
stationary mobile
steep gradual
straight crooked
superior inferior
tame wild
tiny enormous
unite separate
vacant occupied
clear vague
better worse
wrong right
encourage discourage
import export
careful careless
useful useless
decrease increase
cheerless cheerful
advantage disadvantage
wise unwise
noble ignoble
pleasure displeasure
order disorder
amateur professional
domestic foreign
elementary advanced
emigration immigration
exposure shelter
changeable constant
suspect trust
urgent leisurely
enigmatic clear
illegal legal
action reaction
direct indirect
admit deny
together apart
attractive repulsive
boundless limited
brighten fade
careful careless
clumsy graceful
combine separate
create destroy
approve disapprove
compulsory voluntary
grow shrink
harsh mild
help hinder
important trivial
defend attack
deny admit
depth height
divide multiply
drunk sober
dwarf giant
ebb flow
educated uneducated
entrance exit
everywhere nowhere
expand contract
failure success
faint bold
fair play foul play
few many
foe ally
foolish wise
foreign native
frown smile
gaunt obese
guilty innocent
hell heaven
hero villain
humble proud
ignorant knowledgeable
immense minute
inferior superior
innocent guilty
join separate
juvenile adult
liberty captivity
mad sane
minimum maximum
minority majority
mountain valley
opaque transparent
permanent transitory
plain ornate
plural singular
powerful powerless
private public
prosperity poverty
purchase sell
accept refuse
retreat advance
hide show
slovenly smart
north south
east west
spacious cramped
condemn approve
prohibit allow
feeble robust
obstinate compliant
liberty enslaved
content discontent
sober merry
similar contrast
refuse permit
pasture desert
safe perilous
soft coarse
passive aggressive
optimist pessimist
rigid flexible
cowardice valour
virtuous corrupt
culprit victim
foolish sensible
bogus genuine
absurd sensible
tragedy triumph
seldom often
famine feast
tense relaxed
inferior superior
extrovert introvert
significant insignificant
abroad home
absence presence
accept refuse
ancestor descendant
ancient modern
assemble disperse
barren fertile
bent straight
bitter sweet
bless curse
bold timid
bow stern
bright dull
broad narrow
captive free
captivity freedom
condemn praise
confined free
confirm deny
contract expand
coward hero
defeat victory
lose win
lose find
magnify reduce
minimum maximum
miserly generous
misery joy
near far
neglect maintain
object approve
pale bright
part meet
peculiar usual
pointless worthwhile
prohibit allow
progress retreat
raised lower
rare common
regular occasional
resist yield
retreat advance
rough smooth
sensible absurd
separate unite
spoil preserve
succeed fail
suck blow
surplus shortage
tight loose
transparent opaque
unusual common
vacant occupied
vivid dull
warm cool
weaken strengthen
well ill
liberal strict
arouse allay
wither thrive
liberal strict
grieve rejoice
din silence
insolent polite
celebrate lament
sane mad
scarce abundant
coax dissuade
sensible absurd
disperse gather
destitute rich
cherish despise
abandon keep
able incompetent
accept reject
acquire lose
admit deny
agile awkward
aid hinder
alert asleep
amiable unfriendly
arrogant modest
counterfeit genuine
ascend descend
attack defend
banish welcome
begin cease
believe doubt
benefit disadvantage
brief long
broad narrow
cause prevent
comic serious
competent incapable
complex simple
conceal reveal
damp dry
deep shallow
despondent elated
diligent lazy
dilute concentrate
diminish increase
doubtful definite
economical wasteful
fake genuine
fizzy still
flexible rigid
fluid solid
foe friend
frequently seldom
front rear
garbled clear
gather disperse
harsh gentle
honest deceitful
hostile friendly
imperfect flawless
important trivial
insert extract
insolent polite
join separate
lead follow
