about approximately
abstract summary
accomplish achieve
accumulate build-up
administer manage
admit confess
almost nearly
animated lively
annoy irritate
answer reply
anyway besides
apparent obvious
appear seem
applicable relevant
appreciable considerable
ardour passion
arise occur
aromatic fragrant
arrive reach
artful crafty
association organisation
assure guarantee
attractive appealing
away absent
awful terrible
backbone spine
ballot poll
beat defeat
begin start
believable plausible
belly stomach
beneficial favourable
bid tender
bizarre weird
blameless innocent
branch department
brave courageous
brow forehead
business commerce
busy engaged
categorise classify
charter constitution
chiefly mainly
choosy picky
chop cut
chorus refrain
citation quotation
cite quote
class lesson
clerk receptionist
clever intelligent
close shut
collect gather
comfort consolation
comic comedian
complete total
completely totally
concord harmony
condemn sentence
confine restrict
conflict clash
conform comply
considerate thoughtful
constant fixed
constitution structure
consult refer_to
contemporary modern
continuous continual
contrary opposite
convention conference
convey communicate
cope manage
correct right
couch sofa
crusade campaign
cube dice
curative healing
dash sprint
daybreak dawn
deceptive misleading
decontrol deregulate
dedicated committed
deduce infer
defective faulty
deliberate planned
deliberately intentionally
delicate fragile
demonstrate protest
denote indicate
deprave corrupt
depraved wicked_or_evil
desert abandon
deserted abandoned
destiny fate
detached indifferent
differentiate distinguish
diminish decrease
disadvantaged deprived
disagreeable unpleasant
disappear vanish
disaster catastrophe
disclaim deny
disclose reveal
discount reduction
disgrace shame
domesticate cultivate
dossier file
dubious doubtful
eager keen
earth soil
economic profitable
egocentric selfish
elevate promote
elevate raise
emphasise stress
encounter come across
enormous immense
enquire investigate
equity fairness
especially particularly
essential fundamental
establish set up
evaluate assess
everlasting eternal
exactly precisely
except apart from
expire run out
explode blow up
extra additional
fabricate manufacture
famous renowned
fanatic enthusiast
fantastic great
float drift
fool idiot
foolish silly
forehead brow
foretell predict
formerly previously
fortunate lucky
foxy cunning
foyer lobby
fragrance perfume
French_dressing vinaigrette
function operate
garbage rubbish
glitter sparkle
grab seize
grasping greedy
gratis free_of_charge
gratuity tip
gravestone headstone
gut intestine
hall corridor
scatter distribute
handsome good-looking
frequent haunt
happily fortunately
hard tough
shelter canopy
hawk peddle
hazard endanger
hearsay rumour
hermetic airtight
highbrow intellectual
hint trace-or-tip
hole gap
home domestic
homicide murder
housebreaking burglary
hunger starvation
hurry rush
hypothesis speculation
idler loafer
if whether
ignore disregard
illiberal intolerant
illuminate clarify
illuminate light-up
illustrate demonstrate
imagine assume
imagine suppose
imitate mimic
immediate instant
immobile motionless
immoderate excessive
immodest conceited
impact affect
impartial neutral
impasse deadlock
impassive emotionless
impeach question
impediment obstacle
imperative vital
impolite rude
incidentally by_the_way
inconsiderate thoughtless
indisputable undeniable
infamous notorious
infantile childish
infect contaminate
inflexible rigid
inflow influx
informal casual
infrequent rare
inheritor heir
innocent harmless
insolvent bankrupt
inspect examine
instinct intuition
instructions directions
insufferable unbearable
insufficient inadequate
insupportable intolerable
insurgent rebel
intellectual mental
intend mean
intensify heighten
interplay interaction
inventory stock
invoice bill
involve entail
isolated lonely
jealous envious
joy delight
knowingly deliberately
lacking missing
last final
leading main
learn memorize
legitimate valid
lethal deadly
livid furious
lousy awful
lucid clear
madness insanity
magician conjurer
magnify exaggerate
maintain preserve
man-made artificial
mannequin model
material fabric
matters things
maybe perhaps
measure degree
meeting assembly
merciless cruel
middleman intermediary
midway halfway
migrate emigrate
contaminate making-it-unclean
mild gentle
mimic imitate
mind intellect
mindless senseless
minimize play-down
mirror reflect
misconceive misunderstand
miserable depressing
misery distress
misread misinterpret
missing lost
moderately reasonably
modern contemporary
moreover in-addition
murderer assassin
naked bare
nameless anonymous
napkin serviette
narrate relate
a-narrative a-story
a-native a-local
near approach
necessary essential
nightfall dusk
nobility aristocracy
nominate appoint
non-stop continuous
noon midday
noted famous
notify inform
notwithstanding however
numerous many
obdurate stubborn
object thing
obligatory compulsory
omnipotent all-powerful
obsolete out of date
off-season low-season
operate function
ornament decoration
outside external
overlook miss
overseas abroad
oversee supervise
painting portrayal
paper money-notes
particular specific
passable satisfactory
pattern sample
tranquil peaceful
